onerror
~~~~~~~

Various Perl modules (which reference this document) support the
"onerror" handler.  The application can register a Perl code reference
as the onerror handler.  The code is then invoked whenever an error is
detected by the module.

The code is not expected to throw any exception in general.  Sometimes
there is a specialized method to terminate the processing or throwing
an exception safely, depending on modules.  For example, the
|Web::HTML::Parser| module has the |throw| method for this purpose.
See documentations of those modules for details.

For the purpose of the "onerror" handler, errors, warnings, and any
other information that can be useful for the user or the application
is referred to as "errors".  As described later, level or severity of
errors can be distinguished by the |level| flag.

The code is invoked with name/value pairs as arguments.  The pairs
describe the error.  One or more of following name/value pairs are
given:

* |type|

The short string identifying the kind of the error.  It is a string
consists of one or more bytes in the range 0x20-0x7E.

The list of error types are available in the |data/errors.json| file.

Please note that new error types can be added at any time.
Applications should be able to handle unknown error types.  The error
type can be used as English error message in such cases, although it
could be unhelpful or unkind by itself.

This name/value pair is always provided.

* |text|

A short string that can be interpreted as an "argument" to the error
type.  It is a string consists of one or more bytes in the range
0x20-0x7E.  Its semantics depends on the |type| of the error.  Usually
there is a limited set of possible values for an error |type|.

For example, the error |type| "attribute missing" with the |text|
"lang" represents that the |lang| attribute is not specified on the
element.

* |level|

The short string describing the level or severity of the error.  It is
a byte string from one of followings:

  m      Violation to a MUST-level requirement.
  mh     Same as "m" but this error should be hidden by default.
  s      Violation to a SHOULD-level requirement.
  w      Warning.  E.g. a violation to non-normative advice.
  i      Information.
  u      Unknown.  E.g. a feature whose validation is not supported
         yet is found.

A new error level can be introduced in future.  An unknown error level
should be handled as if it were |u|.

This name/value pair is always provided.

* |di|

The ID of the source in which the error is detected.

If the value is not specified or |undef|, then the source is the
"current" input.  Values of |line| and |column| are considered as
relative to the input to the parser or processor.

If the value is -1, then the source is some input fragment with no (or
unknown) associated ID.  Values of |line| and |column| might not be
very useful as the exact position could not be determined
automatically.

If the value is a non-negative Perl number, it is the ID of the
source, assigned by or specified to the parser or processor by some
means.  Values of |line| and |column| are considered as relative to
the source with the given ID.

* |line|

The line number at which the error is detected.  The value is a Perl
number.

* |column|

The column number in the |line| at which the error is detected.  The
value is a Perl number.

If |column| is provided, |line| is also provided.

* |value|

A part or substring of the input data in which the error is detected.
It is a character string.

* |preferred|

If |type| indicates that the language or protocol construct in use is
discouraged in favor of another consturct, the |preferred| value, if
specified, represents the preferred way.  The value is a "preferred"
object
<https://github.com/manakai/data-web-defs/blob/master/doc/data-types.txt>
(converted to Perl data structure).
